# MachineLearningProject

- Our initial goal for the project was to get access to our own personal Spotify data through the official Spotify API.
- Compare the different music taste of each group memeber and learn what made our music taste different.
- What were the similarities that each member had compared to one another.
- Emperically compare the dataset of each group member from one another to learn how and if our music taste was the same numerically.

# UPDATE!
- We were unable to get our own personal data from Spotify itself.
- It could take upwards of 30 days for it to be collected by Spotify and then delievered to us.

# CHANGE OF PLANS 
- So after discovering that it was gonna take too long to get our personal data from Spotify.
- We ended up using a dataset from Kaggle instead as that was readily avaliable.
- Instead of trying to compare the different datasets of the group members. 
- We instead went for an abstraction of information from the dataset on Kaggle.
https://www.kaggle.com/geomack/spotifyclassification
- After learning more information on how we could approach this dataset. 
- We settled on Decision Tree Machine Learning as that peaked our interest collectively.

# Note 1: We did our project on Google Colab
- It was the easiest way to ensure that everyone was able to pitch in on their part for the project.
- Google Colab provided a easy and safe enviornment, where we didn't have to do too much troubleshooting as most of the enviornment and extensions were already installed and ready to use.
- To avoid conflicts of different Operating Systems. Macs vs Windows 10
- Google Colab is amazing! we should have used this for the class!
- Here is the link to our Decision Tree Machine Learning Project
- https://colab.research.google.com/drive/13KRVXzEEF4Z-R6sSnT0o0FbNsElUyY83

# Notes 2:
# - Google Colab is where we did our project on
- There are 2 versions of the same pythonnotebook
  1) The Github version has everything that we did and the graphs of our Decision Tree Machine Learning Model
  2) The Google Colab version does not have it as it cannot locally store the graphs generated by the project on the Google Cloud. They wipe it since it's a virtual enviornment meant for anyone to use.
